Functional Test Scenarios for Login Page:
1.	Verify that the user can login by entering valid credentials and clicking on the ‘Login’ button.
2.	Verify whether the user is not able to login with an invalid username and password.
3.	Check that the validation message is displayed if the user exceeds the character limit of the username and password fields.
4.	Check if the password is in masked form when typed in the password field.
5.	Verify that the validation message saying “Please fill out the username and password” gets displayed if the user leaves the username or password field blank.
6.	Verify that closing the browser should not log out an authenticated user.
7.	Verify if there is a checkbox with the label “remember password” on the login page.
8.	Verify that there is a limit on the total number of unsuccessful login attempts.
9.	Verify the login session timeout duration.
10.	Verify that once logged in, clicking the back button doesn’t log out the user.
11.	Verify that the reset button functionality is on the login page. Clicking on it should clear the textbox’s content.

Test Scenarios for Adding items in the Shopping Cart:
1.	Verify that on the home page, the user can click the link to the desired product (i.e., Nokia Lumia 1520) and view the product description and price.
2.	Check whether the Cart button is seen on the product display page.
3.	Verify the Add button is clickable or not.
4.	Verify that the user can add one or more products to the cart.
5.	Verify that that user sees the success message “Product added” when clicking the add button.
6.	Check on adding the new products to the cart, the count is increasing.
7.	Verify whether the same item can be added multiple times to the cart.
8.	Verify that the user can see the previously added products in the cart page every time he signs in into Demoblaze.
9.	Check whether the page redirects to the product detail page when clicking on the product in the shopping cart.
10.	Verify that the max limit to the number of products a user can add into the cart.
11.	Verify that the user can change the quantity of the added items.
12.	Verify that the user can check the sequence order of the items as per the items added to the cart.
