Test Scenarios for Sign Up Page of Demoblaze:
1.	Verify the text fields for Username and Password on the Sign-up page are visible, aligned and in proportion to UI.
2.	Verify that all the fields such as Username, Password have a valid place holder.
3.	Check validation on Username text field by entering alphabets, numbers and special characters.
4.	Check if the user can enter the password in the text box and paste the    password in the field.
5.	Check if the password field allows alphanumeric, lower case, uppercase, special characters and blank spaces. 
6.	Check the max char and max limit for the password field.
7.	Verify that if no value is passed to the mandatory fields and signup button is clicked then it leads to a validation error.
8.	Check if the password you have entered is visible or encrypted.
9.	Verify that if a user tries to register an existing username, then an error message saying “Username already exist” should be displayed.
10.	Verify that the user cannot enter the characters more than the specified range in each field (Username and password).
11.	Verify if the Password field will prompt you for the weak passwords.
12.	Verify the placement and position for the error message shown on the webpage according to UI design.
13.	Verify that clicking signup button after entering the valid username and strong password says, “Signup was successful”.
14.	Verify that clicking signup button after entering the valid username and password submits the data to the server. 
15.	Verify the page has both Signup and close buttons at the end and they’re clickable.
16.	Verify that clicking the Close button at the end closes the signup window.
Non-Functional Test Scenarios for Login Page:
1.	Verify that the username and password textboxes are present on the Login page of Demoblaze.
2.	Verify that the size, color, and UI of the two fields are as per the specifications.
3.	Verify that as soon as the login page opens, by default the cursor should remain on the username textbox.
4.	Verify that the user enters the values to both the fields.
5.	Check that when the user clicks on the reset button all the entered data in fields get clear or not.
6.	Verify the Login and Close button at the end are clickable.
